Fix kinesis ingestion bugs (#10761)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/kafka-ingestion.md

| `shutdownTimeout`                 | ISO8601 Period | How long to wait for the supervisor to attempt a graceful shutdown of tasks before exiting.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | no (default == PT80S)                                                                                        |

> | `offsetFetchPeriod`               | ISO8601 Period | How often the supervisor queries Kafka and the indexing tasks to fetch current offsets and calculate lag. If value provided by user is below the minimum value (`PT5S`), user provided value is ignored and minimum value is used instead.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | no (default == PT30S, min == PT5S)                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `offsetFetchPeriod`               | ISO8601 Period | How often the supervisor queries Kafka and the indexing tasks to fetch current offsets and calculate lag. If the user-specified value is below the minimum value (`PT5S`), the supervisor ignores the the value and uses the minimum value instead.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | no (default == PT30S, min == PT5S)                                                                           |
```
Missing article "the value"

Author: suggestion on suggestion --> :) 
"the the" -> "the"

Reviewer: Oops. Thank you :D
